---
title: /hacking
layout: page
permalink: /hacking
---

# user@reltale:~$ cat hacking.md

I have been into computers as long as I can remember. Thriving from my love of gaming, I originally wanted to become a indie game developer. I would play around in various game engines and make mediocre games although rather impressive for a person of my age at the time. I was very artistic in that sense and I was always really good at what I did, and I did not skip out on any means of perfection with my work. Getting older lead me to realise that game development isn't something I would like to persue anymore. Around this time I had decided I wanted to play video games professionally which resulted me in playing for on average 8 hours a day. By no surprise it wouldn't take long before I had encountered a person online that wasn't very fond of me. After some prolonged arguing with this person they had made a threat to me. A threat at the time was meaningless because I had no idea this sort of thing was possible. The person I was arguing with threatened to boot me offline through the means of a DDoS Attack, and claiming they had my IP and knew what city I lived in. Being as young as I was I called their bluff and it resulted me in having my city leaked to a group of people and my WiFi shut down temporarily. This really scared me, and I then began to look online after for how to prevent this from happening again. I then found out how this sort of attack was done and the ways to prevent it. This is when I began to be fascinated with the world of hacking. I started to rent books from my school library on the topic and learned as much as a could given I didn't have my own computer at the time. Up until that point I had only played on my PS4 and used the school computers to learn about game development. After some pleading with my parents to get me a computer for making music I had then also began to learn more and more about cybersecurity. Still being focused on becoming better at video games it took me some time to take hacking serious. After watching the TV series Mr. Robot, my interest for hacking came back and I started to learn as much as I could. It has been 3 years since then. I now read various amounts of documentation on the subject and I hope I can become far more technical in the future. If I make any write ups for any project I am working on or any CTF I am completing or have completed it will reside here.
