---
title: /music
layout: page
permalink: /music
---

# user@reltale:~$ cat music.md

I started making music many years ago, around the beginning of middle school. I had listened to an artist named Shawn Wasabi and noticed he played all of his music on an interesting instrument. I wanted to play music the same way he did so I had researched it and came across something named a Novation Launchpad. This wasnt the same MIDI Device he used but it was the closest I could find at the time. I then began watching many videos regarding the instrument resulting in me buying one for myself. It had came shipped with a free version of Ableton which I had not understood at all. Since I couldnt understand the program due to my age and lack of motivation as I had other things I wanted to accomplish, I had dropped the hobby. Some time later I became interested in rap. Rapping became something I loved to do even though it was mostly a joke. My love for rap lead me to the underground scene of the genre introducing me to many artists such as XXXTentacion, Lil Darkie, and Afourteen. I loved the loud distorted sound that many of the artists produced regularly. I then began to make music in the same style. Although these artists have gathered a big following, the harsh tones in my songs would only please a small niche of people. With my insecure nature, I felt it isnt worth it to put my voice out there in such a way for such a small turnout. This is when I decided I want to make EDM. With me listening to many artists like Skrillex, Daft Punk, and Virtual Riot already, I had been very familiar with the scene and thought I should dip my toes in it. But the form of music I was working on wasn't expressive enough for me, and I felt as it was too mainstream. Finding more and more EDM subgenres I had stumbled upon a group of subgenres that I now love so deeply. These being Breakcore and Lolicore. After finding artists Goreshit, Sewerslvt, and Loli in early 20s, I had concluded this is what I want to persue. I am now learning music production and hopefully I can make music that I am fully competent with. I have been working in Bandlab but it is way too restrictive so I am now in the process of switching to Ableton so I can finally let my imagination run wild. I also plan on buying some modular synths and MIDI devices other than the Launchpad I currently have to make some interesting sounds. But I'm getting ahead of myself here I am far ways out from that point. I post music on SoundCloud (although I have the habit of privating the songs soon after) and I plan on being available on all platforms.

Here is the link to my <a href="https://soundcloud.com/reltale">SoundCloud</a>
